Fix titles for AWS Policy packs (#820)
turbot/guardrails-samples: policy_packs/aws/vpc/enforce_block_unapproved_network_access_for_security_groups/README.md

primary_category: "networking"
---

> # Enforce Approved Network Access for AWS VPC Security Groups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Enforce Unapproved Network Access is Blocked for AWS VPC Security Groups
```

Reviewer: I like using the word `traffic` when talking about VPC security groups
